1.Write a python program that takes user input for their name and age, then prints a greeting message.
2. How can you take multiple inputs from a user in a single line? write a program that takes two numbers as input and prints their sum.
3. Write a python program that takes a string input and prints the same string twice.
4. Write a program that takes two numbers as input and swaps their values using third variable.
5. What happens when you call input() without any argument? Explain with an example.
6. What is the default separator(sep) in the print() function? How can you change it?
7. How do you print multiple values in python without spaces between them?
8. What is the default character in print()? How can you change it?
9. Write a program that prints three values separated by a hypthen(-).
10. How can you print a string without moving to a new line at the end?

1. What are the basic data  types in Python? Give an example of each.
2. How do you check the data type of a variable in Python? Provide an example.
3. What is the difference between mutable and immutable data types in Python? Give an example of each.
4. What is type casting? Convert the string "100" into an integer and a float in Python.
5. Given the following code, what will be the value of z?
     x = 5
     y = "Hello"
     z = str(x) + y
6. What will be the output of this code? Explain how the conversion works.
     x = "5"
     y = 5
     z = int(x) + y
     print(z)
7. Why does the following code cause an error? Fix it.
     x = "10"
     y = 2
     print(x + y)
8. How do you print a string multiple times without using loops? Provide an example.
9. What happens if you assign a variable without specifying a data type? Does Python allow dynamic typing?


1. Write a program to read string and perform below operations.

            1. print original length of a string
            2. reverse the string by skipping two characters.
            3. remove all the white spaces
            4. print the length difference of original and modified strings.


2. Create a pattern that displays two names, separated and ended with a specific symbol for multiple times.

3. write a python code to print following
input :  
str1 = hello world
str2 = hello python
output : hello world python

4. Take a number as string and multiply that string with more than 4300 later convert that into int then print what is the error you get why?

5. Write a program to multiply each digit by its position.

6. Merge Two Strings in Zig-Zag Order
Problem: Take two strings and merge them in an alternating fashion. If one string is longer, append the remaining part at the end.

Example:
Input: abc, pqrst
Output: apbqcrt
(First afrom abc&quot;, then &quot;p from pqrst, then b, then q, and so on.)

7. Split a String Into Equal Parts Without Using List
Problem: Take a string and split it into equal parts without using list or split function. If the length is not perfectly divisible, print Invalid.
Example:
Input: helloworld, n=2
Output: hello world
(If n=3, output: Invalid since 10 isnt divisible by 3.)


O